Mario Cako
CS451 HW1 (simpler_operations)
9/24/2017


This first homework was a very interesting project. I missed the first
day of classes and had to read a lot to understand what was happening 
in the class. It was very easy to setup the vm and the j-- compiler
as the document was very straight forward. 

Difficulties:
I had some difficulties on reading the code in the beginning but started
to get what was happening and things got easier. I had some problems when
running the test because i did not know that there was a folder with java
files that the professor had provided us with, and i thought that when 
running the test on those And.java, Not.java etc, it was the files that
we had to add on the test/pass/ directory. I was always getting a missing
main method error and asked on piazza and realized that it need to be
those files that the teacher provided for us. 
	Second difficulty was finding the right code for those JBinaryExpression
and JUnaryExpression files on the generate code method. Used the javap and
solved it right away, of course after a couple of tries. 
	Other difficulties was when writing the code i had to make sure
everything was perfect because i was not using an IDE where they usually
help you with the spelling or missing a letter or something like that
so i had to check a lot of things make sure they were perfect. I'm in the
process of setting up the Eclipse IDE and might use that on the next
homework. 

	Not much difficulties on the homework as there are a lot of files to
modify and its mostly time consuming. I had some help from my friend
Carlos Turcios. We go to school together and we always talk about the 
same classes we take and he helped me a little on setting up my compiler
and where to find those levels in the appendices in the book.

Time used to work on the project, maybe around couple of hours a day
for the last week and half. I thought i had something wrong in the
beginning and had to delete everything and started over like 4 times.
It's a very interesting project so far and i like, it just really
pissed me off when something would not work and had to find the error,
but once i would fix it, got very happy.


