// Mario Cako
// CS451 Compilers
// 10/29/2017
// Project 3

This project was a little bit long. I did not think I would take this much
time but I should have started earlier. I started the project during the
last week and I only got to finish until part 5. I asked if we could
get an extension but still waiting on the answer in piazza.
I would say I worked on it about 5 hours a day , that was just one week 
though.

Problem 1 
Double was just a few simple lines of code to add and just a class
so that it supports it as a type. Very easy to do.

Problem 2
Operators was a little harder because we had to add a few levels
to the for assignmenExpression which was not a hard thing to do.
We had to keep track of those things because each level kind of 
is dependent on the other level and need to be very careful
about that.

Problem 3
Block was an interesting part of the project as it made
me understand the order the grammar goes as in where 
we have to see a static or parentheses and I had to look
at some of the code that other methods had as they were 
kind of similar.

Problem 4
Interface was a little harder, more things to modify and
again, the order of where to see or have or mustBe was
more clarified to me. It was kind of the same code as the
classDeclaration with just a few changes but did not take
that much time to figure out.

Problem 5
Conditional was interesting because i had to create 
a separate abstract class that only had one class that
would extend it and I did it that way so it is the same
format and plus you learn more about the compiler and
how it works.

Problem 6
I was able to finish 99 percent of this part and I’m only
missing one thing to do. I took me a long time to figure 
this one out as I tried different versions to solve it,
and still was not able to figure it out. Then something
I modified must have ruined my code and now its throwing me
an exception. If I had 2 more days on it, I would probably 
have finished it.
(After the extension)
So, I was able to finish this part. The only way for mine
to work is that I had to add some things that I was missing.
I had to add the instance of --pre, post++ expressions
in the statementExpression() AST. After I did that, it all
started to work. I got this part figured out thru piazza
where someone else had the same issue.


Problem 7 
I did even start this one because I wanted to finish the 
for statements first and then do this so it could work
perfectly. 
(After the extension)
I was able to finish this part. I would say it was very
easy compared to the For loop and I took very little time
to figure out what was happening. Most of the code for the
Throws was completely the same for the interface member
and the member declaration so that was easy to do.
It took a little time to get everything working
but easier to implement then the for loop. 



I did not receive any help from my friends but I would
talk with some of the guys in class James Struga and
Carlos Turcios about how to get started or any tips,
plus the piazza might have had some helpful tips.



I just wish I had started earlier because part 1-5 I did 
them in like 2 days total and that is not 48 hours of working
on it. Maybe just like 10 hours in total and got stuck on part 6
for like 3 days more than 15 hours on it. But if I had an extension
I would have probably finished it as I am very close to the end of it.
(After the extension)
I was able to finish it. Yay.






1. Hours to complete the project: ... hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Double Basic Type): ...

   Problem 2 (Operators): ...
   
   Problem 3 (Blocks): ...

   Problem 4 (Interface Type Declaration): ...

   Problem 5 (Conditional Expression): ...

   Problem 6 (For Statements): ...

   Problem 7 (Exception Handlers): ...

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS451/651 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
