Mario Cako
CS451
hw2 scanning
10/08/2017

It took me a while to do this homework and i worked at it for a few hours
everyday. The first week i didn't even touch it, because i was working
on another class that had a project due the end of the first week
but i managed to finish it in time.

The way i approached this problem was by thinking of it during
the first week. I would create some cases or draw something
so that it would help me scan the tokens. When i started working
on the multi lines was very easy, tried a few scenarios until i 
finished that part.

For reserved words it took a little longer as i started the homework
a few times because i could not find the a missing char in one of the 
two files. The last time i did it, i deleted every thing and copied the
solution i had for hw1 and started from there, and once i added to 
scanner file i would add it to token file until i got it right.

Operators happened the same thing, although i dont think this
part had a lot of new additions because some were from hw1. Also
for Separators was the same thing. Did not take time at all.

The hardest part was the Literals where i had to think of a lot of
scenarios about this part. It was a little difficult to understand
some the parentheses that explained the order of the numbers or the 
special chars like e,f,d etc. The way i figured it tout was by using 
Sublime software, a simple text editor where it would highlight the
text with a color if it was entered correctly. So i tried different
combinations that the syntax had on the pdf of the homework and they
would not work or i would compile with javac another file and i would 
test it. When i threw me an error, i found out which were the right 
scenarios and went from there on. Some of it was easy because the part
after the dot was pretty much the same and i only had to copy that part
when the number started with 0, or 0-9 or '.' . 
I also added some more cases that i think could happen like if you enter
0.' '; or with multiple spaces it would return a double token.
I did what i could with it and it worked fine. I also did a lot of testing
when compiling the scanner and token info file until they resulted in the 
right token response. 

I worked with Carlos Turcious again, as we go to school together with my car
as he lives near me. We dont share code but we talk about different ideas.
He helped me a little on the multi comment line and i helped him on the cases 
for literals. He is in the same class with us.

Other comments: 
I'm liking the class so far. I tried to do the assignment with Eclipse and
it worked in the beggining but when i tried the code in the VM it did not
work so i have decided to just do it on the VM. I have a tower at home that 
work much faster and just gonna do it there from now on.


